== review ==
messing with the state of the BTLE stack

For more info, please see the two WWDC2012 talks about Core Bluetooth.

[[http://lists.apple.com/archives/bluetooth-dev/2012/Aug/msg00130.html|BTLE reconnection problems]]


Your app keeps working but discovery is 55 times slower and the peripheral filtering option of scan is discarded. If it takes 1 sec in foreground to discover in foreground, then it will take almost a minute in background. These issues have been discussed extensively on this list recently. It may be useful for you to search the archives for some answers.

[[http://lists.apple.com/archives/bluetooth-dev/2012/Aug/msg00134.html|CoreBluetooth in the Background (iOS)]]

Just to clarify, while in the background, the statistical average discovery time is about 55 times the advertising interval of the peripheral. So if the peripheral advertise every 300ms it would take on average 16.5 seconds to discover it. However, and this is perhaps the important part, duplicate advertising packets are filtered out while the app is in the background.


[[http://lists.apple.com/archives/bluetooth-dev/2012/Apr/msg00007.html|scan with changing adversting data ]]

It is possible to send Manufacturer Specific Data (see BT Spec Version 4.0, Volume 3, Part C, Section 11.1.4). Please note that the data has to be tagged as defined in the introduction to Section 11, meaning <Length> (Tag=0xFF> <Company Identifier> <Data>).

[[http://lists.apple.com/archives/bluetooth-dev/2012/Jul/msg00011.html|Needing to restart ipad3 when connecting to multiple BLE devices]]


[[http://lists.apple.com/archives/bluetooth-dev/2012/Sep/msg00031.html|CoreBluetooth: peripheral hardware won't connect anymore at some point	(iOS 6 beta 4)]]


[[http://lists.apple.com/archives/bluetooth-dev/2012/Sep/msg00035.html|CBCentralManager didn't work properly when device in both Peripheral and Central mode.]]



[[http://lists.apple.com/archives/bluetooth-dev/2012/Sep/msg00064.html|All Bluetooth LE Apps crash with a new BLE device]]


[[http://lists.apple.com/archives/bluetooth-dev/2012/Sep/msg00085.html|iOS6 not disconnecting for 30-60seconds after cancelPeripheralConnection]]


