== 1、Aircraft ==
*Instruction*

Welcome to use DJI Autopilot system. Please select the right mixer type according to your multi-rotor. If there is no appropriate Mixer Type for you, click the “Advanced” button for customized setting.

*Tips*

# Before parameter configuration in the assistant software, please make sure that the multi-rotor is correctly assembled according to the 《WKM Quick Start Guide》.
# In the figure, the mark M1~M6 are corresponding to the output ports (M1~M6) on the Main Controller. The mark M7 is corresponding to the F1 ports of the Main Controller, and the M8 to F2.
# The arrow direction means the rotation direction of the motor.
Mixer Type
  
(single-deck)                    (double-deck)
Make sure the rotation direction of each motor is the same as the way up figure shows. If not, switch any of two wire connections of the incorrect motor to change its rotation direction.Make sure the type of propeller matches the rotation direction of the motor. `attention（double-deck）:Blue propeller is at Top; Red propeller is at Bottom.`

*Customize*
 
This section is reserved only for very special cases, such as customized airframes in non-conventional rotor arrangements. In the event, an airworthy multi-rotor craft with such rotor arrangement will require customized settings to meet the WKM controller algorithm. Please write to your authorized dealer together with photos of the multi-rotor for assistance.

*Tips*
# Please refer to “Customize Motor Mixer” section in “Appendix” for how to customize a central symmetry multi rotor.
# If you customize the motor mixer of a quad-rotor or hexa-rotor, F1 and F2 ports can still be used for gimbal servo control.


== 2、Mounting ==
*IMU/GPS Location & Orientation*

Before you begin this step, make sure to install all payloads used during the flight, including batteries, camera mount and camera. Balance the multi-rotor as you would normally, with the center of gravity (C.G.) directly on the center plate.

Select the IMU oreintation, and then fill in the distance between body center of IMU&GPS and the C.G. of multi-rotor.

*Important*
# The IMU is best positioned near the multi rotor’s center of gravity.
# The arrow marked on the IMU should face the sky. The IMU sides should be parallel to the multi-rotor body.
# Use double-sided foam tape for installation. Check regularly to ensure that the IMU is securely positioned.
# The IMU module is NOT water-proof or oil-proof. DO NOT cover the ventilation holes, keep them unobstructed.
# Please re-configure if the ALL-UP-WEIGHT had been changed.

=== A)IMU Orientation ===
*Select the IMU Mount Orientation*
Select the IMU mounting orientation according to the actual mounting direction of your IMU. This option corresponds to the IMU arrow pointing directly forward(backward/left/right).

`Important DO NOT MOUNT THE IMU UPSIDE-DOWN.`
forward
 
Important
THE ARROW IMU FORWARD, BACKWARD, LEFT, RIGHT DIFFERENCE.

=== B)Mounting Location ===
 
Configure the IMU & GPS Orientation
# The arrow mark of GPS should should face the sky and point to the nose direction of the multi-rotor.
# Fill in the distance between body center of IMU/GPS and the （C，G） of multi-rotor in X, Y & Z axles.

*Important *
If the IMU and GPS locations are not accurate enough or the signs are wrong will leads the multi-rotor oscillation.

== 3)RC ==
*TX & RX Settings*

Before this step, please prepare a transmitter(TX) and a corresponding receiver(RX), and then finish all TX & RX Settings in this page.

*Recommended Transmitter*

Only PCM or 2.4GHz with minimum 7 channels and fail-safe function available on all channels.

*Supported Receiver*

Traditional、S-BUS & PPM receiver.

*Important*

Please reboot MC and redo the calibration after you change the setup of your transmitter or change your receiver!

=== A)Receiver Type ===
 
Choose the type of receiver connection that you have installed.Connect your receiver to the main controller of the NAZA-M in accordance with the connection diagram.
 
*Tips*

The communication of A/E/T/R/U/X2/X3 channels are all through the D-Bus channel.
 
*Tips*

The communication of A/E/T/R/U/X2/X3 channels are all through the PPM channel.

=== B)Command Sticks Calibration ===
 
*R/C TX Setting*
# Please select the model type of the TX as ACROBATIC.
# Set all curves (pitch, throttle, expo, rates, etc) as default. Set the endpoints of all channels to default values (100%) and all trims and sub-trims to zero.

*TX Sticks Calibration*
# Click the START button and then move all of the TX sticks throughout their complete travel range several times.
# Once the above procedure is complete, click the FINISH button.

*Important*
If you change the pitch travel of the TX, please redo the above Calibration.

=== C)Sticks Monitor ===
*X2/X3 Channel Monitor*

This step is optional. If it is necessary for you, please setup the channel on your R/C TX correctly, and then you can monitor the X2 and X3 Channel according to this procedure. 
Tips
# X2 Channel is for remote gain tuning or Intelligent Orientation Control (IOC), or as S-Bus input.
# X3 Channel is for remote gain tuning,Go-Home Switch or gimbal pitch control.

=== D)Control Mode Switch ===
*Control Mode Setting*
# Choose a 3-position switch channel for the mode selection.
# While watching the U channel slider in the assistant software, at each switch position, use the TX sub-trim and end-point to move the U channel slider until the GPS, Atti. or Manual area turns blue.
# Set the Fail-Safe of the TX.

*After setup please re-check*
# Toggle the mode switch and make sure the relevant area of the U channel slider turns blue.
# Switch off the TX, the Fail-Safe part of the U channel slider should turn blue.

*Tip*

Please reffer to your TX manual for more setting details.


== 4)Gain ==
*What is the Gain*
# Basic Gain is too large, you will find the aircraft oscillating in the corresponding direction. If too small, the operation and stability will not be so good or control could even be lost.
# Attitude Gain determines the reaction speed of attitude from command stick, the larger the value the quicker the reaction. Increase it for sharper and quicker leveling action.

*Why Gain Adjustment is Necessary*

Different aircraft have different gains, so that you can setup the Gain manually according to your aircraft to have a wonderful flying experience.

*Tips*

# The Pitch/Roll Gain of hexa-rotor are high than quad-rotor usually .
# If the aircraft parts are not compatible, you cannot get good flight experience by adjusting the Gains.

=== A)Basic ===
*Gains Adjustment*
# Increase the Basic Gain 10% at a time until the aircraft hover or lightly oscillate after small command stick input.
# Decrease the Basic Gain until the aircraft can just hover, then decrease 10% more.
# Now the gain is perfect, but the attitude reaction change is slow. You can follow the steps to tune the attitude gains.

*Remote Tuning Setting*
# Make sure the TX setting is correct.
# Choose the X2/X3 channel.
# The range of remote tuning is from half to twice of the setup value.

*Tips*
# The vertical gain will NOT affect the manual mode.
# If the aircraft can lock the altitude when the throttle stick is at center position, the Vertical gain is good enough.
=== B)Advanced ===
Usually you can ignore this step. The default values are suitable for most of the conditions, so we do NOT recommend you to change the parameters here. To some special multi rotor, experienced player can adjust the advanced parameters to have a better fly experience.

== 5)Motor ==
*Instruction*

You can cofigure the Motor Idle Speed and select the Cut Off Type. In order to obtain a better flight exprience.

=== A)Motor idle Apeed ===
 
*What is Motor Idle Speed*

Motor Idle Speed is the lowest speed after motors start. It will affect motors lowest speed after the motors start. There are five levels from LOW speed to HIGH speed, and the default is RECOMMENDED.

*How to set*

Click the corresponding level to select Motor Idle Speed. RECOMMENDED is the advised level. Set it as LOW, the motor idle speed will be lowest.Set as HIGH, the motor idle speed will be highest. You can reset the it according to the real situation.

*Important*

For users whose aircraft takes off at lowest throttles position, please set the idle speed at a low level. For common users, set it to RECOMMENDED or above, since setting idle speed too low may affect motor(s) spool up.

=== B)Cut Off Type ===
Push both sticks to the left bottom or right bottom to start the motors. Different Cut Off Type stops the motor in different way. Refer to the WKM Quick Start Guide for more details.

Immediately In any control mode, once motors start and throttle stick is over 10%, motors will stop immediately when throttle stick is back under 10% again.In this case, if you push the throttle stick over 10% within 5 seconds after motors stop, motors will re-start. If you don’t push throttle stick after motors start in 3 seconds, motors will stop automatically.

Intelligent In any control mode, only push both sticks to the left or right bottom can stop motors.In ATTI./GPS Mode, any one of following cases will stop motors. (1)You don’t push throttle stick after motors start within 3 seconds. (2)Throttle stick under 10%, and after landing 3 seconds. (3)The slope angle of multi-rotor is over 70°, and throttle stick under 10%.

== 6)F/S ==
*Instruction*

Fail-Safe is one of the advanced function for the autopilot system. If this fuction is selected, Fail-Safe will be triggered when the Main Controller loses the control signal. The multi-rotor will automatically hover if the Fail-Safe mode is active, or Go-Home/Altitude Go-Home if in GPS mode using the GPS module. 

*Important: *
If you select the "Go-Home"/"Alt Go-Home" function, please make sure to connect to the GPS module correctly and record the home point successfully, since the autopilot system should know the home point when going home.

The home point of the ground station one key go-home is the same as the point set by user in the ground station software.

=== A）Enhanced Fail-Saft Methods ===
     
Please select a Fail-Safe method in your desired.

*What is Enhanced Fail-Safe *

Using the GPS Module, you can select "Hover" or "Go-Home"/"Alt Go-home"(in GPS Mode). Otherwise, only Hovering. It will be triggered when the Main Controller(MC) loses the control.

*What is Home point *

Before takeoff, current position of multi-rotor will be saved as home point when you push the throttle stick first time after 6 or more GPS satellites are acquired for more than 8s. Assure correct recording.

*How to re-gain control *

Switch to Manual Mode or Atti. Mode to re-gain control of multi-rotor when it is in Fail-Safe Mode.

*Important*

The aircraft will not go home if the GPS signal is not good.

=== B）Go-Home Switch ===
*What is Go-Home Switch *

Choose a 2-position switch on your transmitter as Go-Home switch. You should toggle the switch from the "Standby" to the "Start" to trigger Fail-Safe when flying. If already in a fail-safe condition, then the switch will not work.

*Go-Home Switch Setting*

Wire the right channel of receiver to X3 port of MC. You should assign both positions to "Standby" & "Start", and then tick the CheckBox of Go-Home Switch. Move the slider of channel X3 to Start and Standby to turn the corresponding area blue respectively. Use the end-point fine tuning on your transmitter to set X3 channel to 30% ~ 100% if software does not give correct response.

*Important*

If the Go-Home Switch can not be chosen in the software, may be the X3 channel has been set for remote gain tuning, please cancel it.

== 7)IOC ==
*Intelligent direction control setup step*

IOC is one advanced flight function, including Course Lock, Home Lock and POI(Point Of Interest). Here, Forward Direction is definited as that the multi-rotor will fly along this direction when you push the elevator stick. Usually, the forward direction of a flying multi-rotor is the same as the nose direction. By using IOC, wherever the nose points, the forward direction has nothing to do with nose direction.

# In Course Lock, the forward direction is the same as a recorded nose direction.
# In Home Lock, the forward direction is the same as the direction from the home point to multi-rotor.
# In POI, the roll channel controls the multi rotor circular flight speed around a fixed point, the pitch channel controls the diameter, the throttle controls the height.
=== A)Intelligent Orientation Control ===
*IOC Setting Procedure*
# Please choose a 3-positions switch on your transmitter as IOC switch, which is also used for recording the multi rotor orientation, home position or point of interest(POI).
# Make sure to connect the correct channel of receiver to X2 port of MC.
# Click the CheckBox to enable the IOC.
# Select control mode options.
# Togle the IOC switch to move the cursor of X2 to turn the corresponding area blue respectively.

*Tips*
# If you use S-Bus/PPM receiver, the default X2 channel connection is the 5th channel of the transmitter.
# If the software does not give the correct response, use end-point fine tuning on your transmitter to adjust the X2 channel.
# Refer to the Manual for operation info.

== 8)Gimbal ==
 
If you use a gimbal, please configure the parameters in this page.

This system supports 2-axis gimbal with servo of 1520us center point. Make sure the connection is correct.

*Important*

If you open the gimbal control in assistant software during the configuration, please note that there are outputs from F1 and F2 ports. NEVER connect F1/F2 to ESCs wired with propellers and motors.

=== A）Gimbal Switch ===
*Gimbal Switch*
# Please choose ON to enable the Gimbal.
# Select an Output Frequency in the DropDownList. The chosen output frequency is recommended no more than the maximum servo supported frequency.

*Important*
# Never connect F1/F2 ports to ESCs which are wired with propellers and motors when configurating.
# If you want to use a gimbal with an Octo-rotor, you have to use an S-Bus/S-Bus2 or PPM receiver, then you can use port T and R for gimbal control. Otherwise, there will be no ports on the MC for gimbal control.
=== B）Servo Travel Limit ===
*Servo Travel Limit*

MAX/MIN are servo travel limits; adjust them to avoid mechanical binding.

*Setting Procedure*
# Place your multi-rotor on level ground.
# Adjust MAX/MIN value of PITCH and ROLL direction. Make sure to avoid mechanical binding when the gimbal is moving.
# Adjust Center value of PITCH and ROLL direction to make the camera mounting frame to your desired angle-to-ground.

*Important*
If servo expansion is used, which may enlarge the servo travel limit, make sure to reset your servo travel limit.

=== C）Automatic Control Gain ===
*Automatic Control Gain*

Automatic Control Gain determines the gimbal reaction controlled by the autopilot system. The bigger the value the quicker the gimbal reaction. If the gain is too large, you will find the gimbal oscillating in the corresponding direction.

*Adjust Procedure*

Adjust the reaction angle of the automatic control. The initial value of 100 is the maximum angle. The bigger the gain, the bigger the reaction angle. Click the REV /NORM button, and then you can reverse the feedback control directions.

=== D）Manual Control Speed ===
*Manual Control Speed*

Manual Control Speed determines the gimbal reaction from command stick.

*Setting Procedure*
# You should assign one of the knobs on your transmitter to the X3 channel for controlling the Pitch direction (angle) of camera gimbal during flight.
# Adjust the reaction speed of pitch. The bigger the value the quicker the gimbal reaction.

*Important*
# If parameter adjustment was enabled on channel X3, the gimbal manual control via channel X3 will still be on as well. Do not use X3 to control gimbal pitch and remote adjust parameters at the same time.
# Please reset the Gain parameters in Basic section if there is flight jitter after gimbal is mounted.

== 9)Voltage ==
*Instruction*
In order to prevent your multi-rotor from a crash or other harmful consequences caused by low battery voltage, two levels of low voltage protection are available to use. You can choose to use them or not, however we strongly recommend using the protections!

Low voltage protections are NOT fun! You should land your multi-rotor ASAP in any level of protection to prevent your multi-rotor from crash or other harmful consequences!

=== A）Protection Switch ===
*Switch Setting*

Select ON if you use the Low-voltage Alarm.

*Important*
# Make sure the connection between the V-SEN port of VU and X3 port of MC is correct; otherwise the low voltage protection will not work properly.
# The two level protections will only have LED warning under Manual Mode, on other protections.
# Both protections have LED warning as default. First level will blink yellow light continuously; second level will blink red light continuously.
=== B）Battery ===
*Current Voltage*

Power on the MC using a battery and connect the MC with the PC, current voltage of the battery will be displayed in this column.

*Calibration*

If the battery voltage displayed here is different from the voltage you measure from a voltmeter, you have to calibrate.
# Click the Calibration box, enter that voltage in the Calibration column of the dialogue box, and then click OK.
# Please choose the battery type you are using, so that the MC can provide the default warning voltages and ranges for you.
=== C）First Level Protection ===
The first level protection will blink yellow LED continuously.
Method of Acquiring Line Loss Voltage
# Get a fully charged battery voltage.
# Select Protection Switch ON. Fill a reasonable warning voltage in the No Load and 0 in Loss at the moment.
# Fly the multi-rotor until the protection is triggered, and then land it ASAP.
# Get the new voltage. The Loss is the difference between the new voltage and the No Load voltage you filled in.

*First Level Protection Setting *

Fill a reasonable voltage in No Load, and the acquired Loss voltage in Loss. It will auto-calculate the Loaded voltage. Then select a safeguard method.

*Tips*
# Use a voltmeter or the Current Voltage to obtain the voltage at any time.
# Make sure your ESCs protection voltage is lower than 3.1V (1S).
=== D）Second Level Protection ===
The setting of Second Level Protection is the same as First Level Protection. When it is triggered, the Red LED warning will be on and the multi-rotor descending. Meanwhile the center point of throttle stick cannot hold the aircraft hovering, so that the aircraft will descend slowly.

*Tips*
# When the second level protection is triggered, the center point of throttle stick will move up slowly to 90% of endpoint, in order to keep the aircraft hovering.
# When the center point is at 90% of endpoint, aircraft will still start to ascend slowly if you continue to pull the throttle stick back, and the control of Pitch, Roll and Yaw are the same as before. Please land ASAP to prevent your aircraft from crash or other harmful consequences!

== 10)Limits ==
*Height Limits*

If height restriction is needed, please click ON and write a value (from 20~300m) to the Max Height box, so that the aircraft flight height will not higher than the max-height in any control mode (Manual /ATTI. /GPS ATTI. Mode). However, the fail-safe and the Ground Station operation are not restricted to this height limit. If no height limit is needed, please click OFF.




